
Age of Superpowers
A period of time during which the Earth was divided among several

Battroid
A typical humanoid mecha.

Birthworld
The Earth, the birthplace of humanity. Only offworlders refer to the
Earth this way.

Cavalier
A mecha-piloting adventurer.

Colony
In modern usage, the word Colony refers to an enclosed space habitat
of some kind. Both the Lunar domes and the L5 spinners are commonly
referred to as colonies.

Dead Zone
An area so scarred by the Night of Fire that it will support only
minimal life.

Exodus
The period following the Night of Fire when many survivors fled to space.

Green Zone
An area on Earth in which life flourishes. It is thought that certain green
zones are the result of genetic contamination from PreZero biotech research.

Homecoming
The period following the Exodus when many people returned to recolonize the Earth.

Imperator Zeta
One of the superpowers from the PreZero age. Imperator Zeta controlled
most of Asia. They were responsible for the Triumvirate Program.

Lostech
Any technology or scientific principle known during the Age of Superpowers
that cannot or has not yet been replicated in modern times. Also refers
to the belief that near-magical technologies existed in PreZero times.

Luna
The moon, the second most heavily populated body in the solar system.

Night of Fire
The nuclear attack which marks the end of the Age of Superpowers and
the beginning of the modern period. Over two thirds of all human beings
on Earth were killed in this attack.

Ornithoid
A bird-form mecha.

Pax Europa
One of the superpowers from the PreZero age. Pax Europa controlled much of
Europe and Northern Asia. They created the Argoseyer series of mecha. They
were also the original settlers of what would later become Aegis Overlord.

PreZero
The time before Year Zero of the NewType Calender. It is also used
colloqually to mean a long long time ago.

Spinner
A space colony, usually built as an O'Neil cylinder. Artificial gravity
is provided by the rotation of the colony. The word "Spinner" may also
refer to a resident of these colonies.

Triumvirate Program
A biotech weapon program by superpower Imperator Zeta.

Unification War
The war on Luna in which Aegis Overlord came to dominate that world.

Wangtta
A loser, outcast, or pariah.

Zoanoid
An animal-form mecha.

